ROX-17267: Ability to remove default compliance info from scan results (#60704)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/run-compliance-scan.adoc

.Procedure

. Navigate to the {product-title-short} portal and open the compliance dashboard by selecting *Compliance* from the navigation menu.
. Optional: By default, information under all standards is displayed in the compliance results. To view only information from specific standards, perform the following steps:

> .. Click *Manage Standards*.

Reviewer: Minor point that button text has sentence case **Manage standards** although I do not know whether title case is a doc convention.

> Write all other areas (such as menu items, button text, form field labels, and empty state headings) in sentence case.

https://www.patternfly.org/v4/ux-writing/capitalization#capitalization-across-red-hat-uis

By the way, ongoing removal of UPPERCASE in 4.1 continuing in 4.2 will reveal inconsistency between title case and sentence case on classic pages for buttons and widget titles. It seems like technical audience tends to be immune to confusion from such details, so hopefully not causing a need for busy work to edit existing docs.

Author: Oh, thanks for catching this! We do use sentence case in docs also, but I sometimes forget since RH is the only place I've worked that's done so! :)

> .. Select the specific standards you want to display, and then click *Save*. Standards that are not selected do not appear in the dashboard display (including widgets), compliance results tables that are accessed from the dashboard, and PDF files created using the *Export* button. However, all default standards are included when results are exported as a CSV file.

Reviewer: Because the default is selected, you can consider pro and con to emphasize the usual case will be to clear (whichever verb you use) check boxes to hide scan results for specific standards the you do not want to display.

> .. By default, all standards are selected. Clear the check box for any specific standard that you do not want to display, and then click *Save*. Standards that are not selected do not appear in the dashboard display (including widgets), compliance results tables that are accessed from the dashboard, and PDF files created using the *Export* button. However, all default standards are included when results are exported as a CSV file.

Reviewer 2: ISG says to use "checkbox" over "check box":
```suggestion
.. By default, all standards are selected. Clear the checkbox for any specific standard that you do not want to display, and then click *Save*. Standards that are not selected do not appear in the dashboard display (including widgets), compliance results tables that are accessed from the dashboard, and PDF files created using the *Export* button. However, all default standards are included when results are exported as a CSV file.
```
